README.md, before:

# CS2 Steam Optimizer & Telemetry Toolkit

![CS2 Logo](https://img.shields.io/badge/CS2-Counter--Strike%202-orange?style=for-the-badge)
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3.11+-blue?style=for-the-badge&logo=python)
![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/docker-containerized-2496ED?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker)
![PowerShell](https://img.shields.io/badge/PowerShell-automation-5391FE?style=for-the-badge&logo=powershell)

## 🎯 Overview

A comprehensive toolkit for optimizing Counter-Strike 2 performance on Windows and Linux (WSL2) systems, featuring:

- **🔧 Automated MSI driver installation** with silent switches and version checking
- **📊 Real-time hardware telemetry monitoring** (GPU temp, FPS, CPU usage)
- **⚙️ Custom configuration profiles** for various game modes and performance levels
- **📈 Interactive Streamlit dashboard** for live visualization and config switching
- **🐳 Dockerized services** for easy deployment and scalability
- **🖥️ OBS overlay integration** for streaming
- **🚀 CLI tools** for automation and scripting

## 🏗️ Architecture

```
CS2 Optimization Toolkit
├── Driver Management
│   ├── MSI CreatorPro X18 HX automated installs
│   ├── Silent installation with logging
│   └── Version checking & conflict resolution
├── Performance Monitoring
│   ├── GPU temperature & usage tracking
│   ├── FPS monitoring with CS2 integration
│   ├── CPU metrics and thermal monitoring
│   └── Real-time WebSocket telemetry
├── Configuration Management
│   ├── Profile-based CS2 configs (Max FPS, Balanced, GPU Saver)
│   ├── CLI switching tools
│   └── Streamlit web interface
└── Overlay & Streaming
    ├── OBS-compatible overlay
    ├── Real-time charts and metrics
    └── Containerized deployment
```

## 🚀 Quick Start

### Prerequisites

- **Windows 10/11** or **Linux (WSL2)**
- **Python 3.11+**
- **Docker & Docker Compose** (optional)
- **NVIDIA GPU** with drivers installed
- **Counter-Strike 2** installed via Steam

### Installation

1. **Clone the repository**
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/yourusername/cs2-optimizer.git
   cd cs2-optimizer
   ```

2. **Install Python dependencies**
   ```bash
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   # OR with conda
   conda env create -f environment.yml
   conda activate cs2_optimizer
   ```

3. **Configure CS2 paths** (edit `cs2tune_cli.py`)
   ```python
   ACTIVE_CONFIG_PATH = "C:/Program Files (x86)/Steam/steamapps/common/Counter-Strike Global Offensive/game/csgo/cfg/autoexec.cfg"
   ```

4. **Run driver installation** (Windows PowerShell as Administrator)
   ```powershell
   Set-ExecutionPolicy -ExecutionPolicy RemoteSigned -Scope CurrentUser
   .\msi_drivers\install_msi_drivers.ps1
   ```

## 🛠️ Usage

### Dashboard & Monitoring

**Start the complete stack with Docker:**
```bash
docker-compose up -d
```

**Or run individual components:**

1. **Launch telemetry server:**
   ```bash
   python cs2tune/telemetry_ws.py
   ```

2. **Start Streamlit dashboard:**
   ```bash
   streamlit run dashboard.py
   ```

3. **Access services:**
   - **Dashboard:** http://localhost:8501
   - **Telemetry API:** http://localhost:8000
   - **OBS Overlay:** http://localhost:3000

### Configuration Management

**CLI Profile Switching:**
```bash
# List available profiles
python cs2tune_cli.py --list

# Switch to specific profile
python cs2tune_cli.py --switch balanced.cfg
python cs2tune_cli.py --switch max_fps.cfg
python cs2tune_cli.py --switch gpu_saver.cfg
```

**Web Interface:**
Navigate to the dashboard and use the profile switcher in the sidebar.

### Driver Management

**Automated Installation:**
```powershell
# Install all drivers in recommended order
.\msi_drivers\install_msi_drivers.ps1

# Verify installation
.\msi_drivers\verify_drivers.ps1
```

## 📊 Features

### Performance Profiles

| Profile | FPS Cap | Settings | Use Case |
|---------|---------|----------|----------|
| **Max FPS** | 999 | Minimal graphics, no particles | Competitive play |
| **Balanced** | 300 | Medium graphics, some effects | Casual gaming |
| **GPU Saver** | 240 | Optimized for temperature control | Laptops/thermal limits |

### Telemetry Metrics

- **GPU Temperature** (°C)
- **GPU Usage** (%)
- **VRAM Usage** (GB)
- **FPS** (real-time)
- **CPU Temperature** (°C)
- **Frame Time** (ms)

### Driver Coverage

✅ **Intel Chipset & MEI**  
✅ **NVIDIA GPU Drivers**  
✅ **Audio (Realtek UAD)**  
✅ **Networking (Killer Ethernet, Intel Wi-Fi)**  
✅ **Thunderbolt & USB**  
✅ **Storage (Intel RST)**  

## 🐳 Docker Deployment

### Services

- **`pro-drivers`** - Driver management service
- **`streamlit-gui`** - Web dashboard
- **`telemetry-ws`** - Real-time telemetry WebSocket server
- **`overlay`** - OBS overlay frontend

### Commands

```bash
# Start all services
docker-compose up -d

# View logs
docker-compose logs -f streamlit-gui

# Restart specific service
docker-compose restart telemetry-ws

# Stop all services
docker-compose down
```

## 🔧 Configuration

### Environment Variables

```bash
# CS2 Configuration
CSGO_CFG_DIR="/path/to/cs2/cfg"
CS2_PROFILES_DIR="./cs2tune/profiles"

# Telemetry Settings
TELEMETRY_INTERVAL=1000  # milliseconds
MAX_DATA_POINTS=100
WEBSOCKET_PORT=8000

# Docker Settings
NVIDIA_VISIBLE_DEVICES=all
NVIDIA_DRIVER_CAPABILITIES=compute,utility
```

### Custom Profiles

Create custom CS2 profiles in `cs2tune/profiles/`:

```cfg
// custom_profile.cfg
fps_max 144
fps_max_ui 60
r_shadows 1
r_drawparticles 0
// ... additional settings
```

## 🧪 Testing

```bash
# Run unit tests
pytest test_pro_drivers.py -v

# Test driver installation (dry run)
python pro_drivers_app.py --test

# Validate telemetry
python -m cs2tune.telemetry_ws --test
```

## 📈 Performance Benchmarks

| Configuration | Average FPS | 1% Low | 0.1% Low | GPU Temp |
|---------------|-------------|--------|----------|----------|
| **Stock Settings** | 180 | 120 | 90 | 78°C |
| **Max FPS Profile** | 280 | 200 | 150 | 75°C |
| **Balanced Profile** | 240 | 180 | 140 | 72°C |
| **GPU Saver Profile** | 200 | 160 | 130 | 68°C |

*Tested on MSI CreatorPro X18 HX (i9-14900HX, RTX 4080, 32GB RAM)*

## 🤝 Contributing

1. **Fork the repository**
2. **Create a feature branch** (`git checkout -b feature/amazing-feature`)
3. **Commit changes** (`git commit -m 'Add amazing feature'`)
4. **Push to branch** (`git push origin feature/amazing-feature`)
5. **Open a Pull Request**

### Development Setup

```bash
# Install development dependencies
pip install -r requirements-dev.txt

# Run linting
flake8 .
black .

# Run tests
pytest
```

## 📝 Changelog

### v1.2.0 (2025-07-28)
- ✨ Enhanced PowerShell driver installer with silent switches
- 📊 Added real-time telemetry dashboard
- 🐳 Improved Docker composition with health checks
- 🔧 CLI profile management tool
- 📈 OBS overlay integration

### v1.1.0 (2025-07-20)
- 🔧 MSI driver automation
- ⚙️ CS2 configuration profiles
- 📊 Basic telemetry collection

## 📄 License

This project is licensed under the **MIT License** - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## 🆘 Support

- **Issues:** [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/yourusername/cs2-optimizer/issues)
- **Discussions:** [GitHub Discussions](https://github.com/yourusername/cs2-optimizer/discussions)
- **Steam Guide:** [CS2 Optimization Guide](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=yourguide)

## 🙏 Acknowledgments

- **Valve** for Counter-Strike 2
- **MSI** for hardware specifications
- **NVIDIA** for GPU tooling
- **Streamlit** for dashboard framework
- **Docker** for containerization

---

<div align="center">
  <strong>🎮 Happy Gaming! 🎮</strong><br>
  <em>Optimize your CS2 experience and dominate the competition</em>
</div>
=======
# cs2_steam
optimization of fps
>>>>>>> origin/main

Commit message:

Update README with driver instructions and development guide

README.md, after:

# CS2 Steam Optimizer & Telemetry Toolkit

![CS2 Logo](https://img.shields.io/badge/CS2-Counter--Strike%202-orange?style=for-the-badge)
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3.11+-blue?style=for-the-badge&logo=python)
![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/docker-containerized-2496ED?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker)
![PowerShell](https://img.shields.io/badge/PowerShell-automation-5391FE?style=for-the-badge&logo=powershell)

## 🎯 Overview

A comprehensive toolkit for optimizing Counter-Strike 2 performance on Windows and Linux (WSL2) systems, featuring:

- **🔧 Automated MSI driver installation** with silent switches and version checking
- **📊 Real-time hardware telemetry monitoring** (GPU temp, FPS, CPU usage)
- **⚙️ Custom configuration profiles** for various game modes and performance levels
- **📈 Interactive Streamlit dashboard** for live visualization and config switching
- **🐳 Dockerized services** for easy deployment and scalability
- **🖥️ OBS overlay integration** for streaming
- **🚀 CLI tools** for automation and scripting

## 🏗️ Architecture

```
CS2 Optimization Toolkit
├── Driver Management
│   ├── MSI CreatorPro X18 HX automated installs
│   ├── Silent installation with logging
│   └── Version checking & conflict resolution
├── Performance Monitoring
│   ├── GPU temperature & usage tracking
│   ├── FPS monitoring with CS2 integration
│   ├── CPU metrics and thermal monitoring
│   └── Real-time WebSocket telemetry
├── Configuration Management
│   ├── Profile-based CS2 configs (Max FPS, Balanced, GPU Saver)
│   ├── CLI switching tools
│   └── Streamlit web interface
└── Overlay & Streaming
    ├── OBS-compatible overlay
    ├── Real-time charts and metrics
    └── Containerized deployment
```

## 🚀 Quick Start

### Prerequisites

- **Windows 10/11** or **Linux (WSL2)**
- **Python 3.11+**
- **Docker & Docker Compose** (optional)
- **Git** with Git LFS support (for development)
- **NVIDIA GPU** with drivers installed
- **Counter-Strike 2** installed via Steam

### Installation

1. **Clone the repository**
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/yourusername/cs2-optimizer.git
   cd cs2-optimizer
   ```

2. **Install Python dependencies**
   ```bash
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   # OR with conda
   conda env create -f environment.yml
   conda activate cs2_optimizer
   ```

3. **Configure CS2 paths** (edit `cs2tune_cli.py`)
   ```python
   ACTIVE_CONFIG_PATH = "C:/Program Files (x86)/Steam/steamapps/common/Counter-Strike Global Offensive/game/csgo/cfg/autoexec.cfg"
   ```

4. **Download and install drivers**
   - Download the driver package from [Releases](https://github.com/matlabuser123/cs2_steam/releases)
   - Extract `cs2_drivers.zip` into the root directory
   - Run the installation script (Windows PowerShell as Administrator):
     ```powershell
     Set-ExecutionPolicy -ExecutionPolicy RemoteSigned -Scope CurrentUser
     .\msi_drivers\install_msi_drivers.ps1
     ```

## 🛠️ Usage

### Development

For contributors, this repository uses Git LFS for large driver files:

1. **Set up Git LFS:**
   ```bash
   git lfs install
   ```

2. **Clone with LFS support:**
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/matlabuser123/cs2_steam.git
   cd cs2_steam
   git lfs pull
   ```

Note: Driver files are not stored in the repository to keep it lightweight. Instead, they are distributed as release assets.

### Dashboard & Monitoring

**Start the complete stack with Docker:**

```bash
docker-compose up -d
```

**Or run individual components:**

1. **Launch telemetry server:**
   ```bash
   python cs2tune/telemetry_ws.py
   ```

2. **Start Streamlit dashboard:**
   ```bash
   streamlit run dashboard.py
   ```

3. **Access services:**
   - **Dashboard:** http://localhost:8501
   - **Telemetry API:** http://localhost:8000
   - **OBS Overlay:** http://localhost:3000

### Configuration Management

**CLI Profile Switching:**
```bash
# List available profiles
python cs2tune_cli.py --list

# Switch to specific profile
python cs2tune_cli.py --switch balanced.cfg
python cs2tune_cli.py --switch max_fps.cfg
python cs2tune_cli.py --switch gpu_saver.cfg
```

**Web Interface:**
Navigate to the dashboard and use the profile switcher in the sidebar.

### Driver Management

**Automated Installation:**
```powershell
# Install all drivers in recommended order
.\msi_drivers\install_msi_drivers.ps1

# Verify installation
.\msi_drivers\verify_drivers.ps1
```

## 📊 Features

### Performance Profiles

| Profile | FPS Cap | Settings | Use Case |
|---------|---------|----------|----------|
| **Max FPS** | 999 | Minimal graphics, no particles | Competitive play |
| **Balanced** | 300 | Medium graphics, some effects | Casual gaming |
| **GPU Saver** | 240 | Optimized for temperature control | Laptops/thermal limits |

### Telemetry Metrics

- **GPU Temperature** (°C)
- **GPU Usage** (%)
- **VRAM Usage** (GB)
- **FPS** (real-time)
- **CPU Temperature** (°C)
- **Frame Time** (ms)

### Driver Coverage

✅ **Intel Chipset & MEI**  
✅ **NVIDIA GPU Drivers**  
✅ **Audio (Realtek UAD)**  
✅ **Networking (Killer Ethernet, Intel Wi-Fi)**  
✅ **Thunderbolt & USB**  
✅ **Storage (Intel RST)**  

## 🐳 Docker Deployment

### Services

- **`pro-drivers`** - Driver management service
- **`streamlit-gui`** - Web dashboard
- **`telemetry-ws`** - Real-time telemetry WebSocket server
- **`overlay`** - OBS overlay frontend

### Commands

```bash
# Start all services
docker-compose up -d

# View logs
docker-compose logs -f streamlit-gui

# Restart specific service
docker-compose restart telemetry-ws

# Stop all services
docker-compose down
```

## 🔧 Configuration

### Environment Variables

```bash
# CS2 Configuration
CSGO_CFG_DIR="/path/to/cs2/cfg"
CS2_PROFILES_DIR="./cs2tune/profiles"

# Telemetry Settings
TELEMETRY_INTERVAL=1000  # milliseconds
MAX_DATA_POINTS=100
WEBSOCKET_PORT=8000

# Docker Settings
NVIDIA_VISIBLE_DEVICES=all
NVIDIA_DRIVER_CAPABILITIES=compute,utility
```

### Custom Profiles

Create custom CS2 profiles in `cs2tune/profiles/`:

```cfg
// custom_profile.cfg
fps_max 144
fps_max_ui 60
r_shadows 1
r_drawparticles 0
// ... additional settings
```

## 🧪 Testing

```bash
# Run unit tests
pytest test_pro_drivers.py -v

# Test driver installation (dry run)
python pro_drivers_app.py --test

# Validate telemetry
python -m cs2tune.telemetry_ws --test
```

## 📈 Performance Benchmarks

| Configuration | Average FPS | 1% Low | 0.1% Low | GPU Temp |
|---------------|-------------|--------|----------|----------|
| **Stock Settings** | 180 | 120 | 90 | 78°C |
| **Max FPS Profile** | 280 | 200 | 150 | 75°C |
| **Balanced Profile** | 240 | 180 | 140 | 72°C |
| **GPU Saver Profile** | 200 | 160 | 130 | 68°C |

*Tested on MSI CreatorPro X18 HX (i9-14900HX, RTX 4080, 32GB RAM)*

## 🤝 Contributing

1. **Fork the repository**
2. **Create a feature branch** (`git checkout -b feature/amazing-feature`)
3. **Commit changes** (`git commit -m 'Add amazing feature'`)
4. **Push to branch** (`git push origin feature/amazing-feature`)
5. **Open a Pull Request**

### Development Setup

```bash
# Install development dependencies
pip install -r requirements-dev.txt

# Run linting
flake8 .
black .

# Run tests
pytest
```

## 📝 Changelog

### v1.2.0 (2025-07-28)
- ✨ Enhanced PowerShell driver installer with silent switches
- 📊 Added real-time telemetry dashboard
- 🐳 Improved Docker composition with health checks
- 🔧 CLI profile management tool
- 📈 OBS overlay integration

### v1.1.0 (2025-07-20)
- 🔧 MSI driver automation
- ⚙️ CS2 configuration profiles
- 📊 Basic telemetry collection

## 📄 License

This project is licensed under the **MIT License** - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## 🆘 Support

- **Issues:** [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/yourusername/cs2-optimizer/issues)
- **Discussions:** [GitHub Discussions](https://github.com/yourusername/cs2-optimizer/discussions)
- **Steam Guide:** [CS2 Optimization Guide](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=yourguide)

## 🙏 Acknowledgments

- **Valve** for Counter-Strike 2
- **MSI** for hardware specifications
- **NVIDIA** for GPU tooling
- **Streamlit** for dashboard framework
- **Docker** for containerization

---

<div align="center">
  <strong>🎮 Happy Gaming! 🎮</strong><br>
  <em>Optimize your CS2 experience and dominate the competition</em>
</div>
=======
# cs2_steam
optimization of fps
>>>>>>> origin/main
